Learn about What is FRONT END and its Technologies and Tools
Make sure to mention at least 5 top notch technologies of Frontend.
Also mentioned the name of companies using those 5 technologies individually

Answer)

1. React is an open-source front-end library licensed and released under MIT in 2013. React is probably the most used front-end technology and has greatly improved with every update. The library is maintained and supported by the social media giant, Facebook.
React’s code is split into components to facilitate code reusability and fast debugging. The applications built on React are highly responsive and amounts for SEO friendliness. The data binding also ensures a solid code structure and a seamless app performance.

Airbnb, Dropbox, BBC, Facebook, New York Times, and Reddit are some of the prominent websites and web apps built with React.

2. AngularJS is a JavaScript front-end development framework originally developed in 2009. It was licensed under MIT as open-source and since that time, AngularJS has gained immense popularity for its advantages.

Angular is maintained by the search engine powerhouse, Google, and supported by a huge community of developers. Angular uses MVVM architecture making it easy to maintain and refactor the codes. The component-based architecture further ensures a higher quality of code and eases testing.

The JavaScript front-end framework is consistent, readable, and its apps are performing well in various industries.

Netflix, Upwork, IBM, Goodfilms, and Freelancer are some of the renowned websites built with Angular. Gmail, Paypal, and The Guardian are some of the well-known applications built with Angular.

3. Vue.js is a JavaScript framework released in 2014 and licensed as open-source under MIT. The front-end development technology is highly promising and is expected to lead the front-end development. The framework maintained by its creator Evan You and a team comprising members from various companies like Netguru and Netlify.

Vue.js uses MVVM architecture and is extremely lightweight making it easy to implement. 

Some of the websites and apps built with Vue.js are 9gag, Nintendo, GitLab, Behance, and Laravel. 

4. Flutter is a cross-platform and open-source UI software development toolkit released by Google to create beautiful and responsive User Interfaces.It is licensed under BSD clause-3 and was released in 2017 for wide incorporation. Flutter is built on Dart and puts the language’s advantages to good use in the applications.

Flutter uses the combination of widgets to create UI that is visually enticing and highly reactive. And it doesn’t have any compatibility issues as the widgets are a part of the application. Flutter’s hot reload increases the speed of the development and makes it simple. Hot reload applies the code changes to the application without having to reload.

The performance is also top-notch as there is less mediation between the platform and the app.

Google ads, Alibaba, Birch Finance, Cryptograph, and Hookle are some of the applications powered by Flutter.

5. Ionic is an open-source front-end framework to build beautiful and fast cross-platform apps compatible with iOS, Android, and the Web using a single codebase. Ionic was released in 2013 under the MIT license and maintained by the developers of Drifty Co. It is also backed by a global community of around 5 million developers.

Ionic is simple and leans towards speed, cost-efficiency, and less maintenance to help businesses grow.

The National Health Service, GE Transportation, Market Watch, and Amtrak are some of the examples of business built on Ionic.

